feat: enable publish to elevation TDE-1037 (#459)
linz/topo-workflows: workflows/raster/README.md

## Workflow Description

> This workflow replicates `copy` however it allows publishing to `s3://nz-imagery` and `s3://nz-elevation` (the two registries of open data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow replicates `copy` however it allows publishing to `s3://nz-imagery` and `s3://nz-elevation` (the two registry of open data public S3 buckets).
```
